# CS-305-Software-Security

Artemis Financial provides financial planning to their customers, and with such a profession, requires a robust security system. I have been tasked with providing a secure software environment for the company to function.

Through testing, I found multiple vulnerabilities found in the current software used by Artemis, found alongside many false positives, or errors/vulnerabilities disguised as a normal alert. After addressing them with updates or removal, I made the data transmissions use HTTPS and HTTP POST methods and implemented SSL certificate to ensure the company uses best security practices. The main challenged lied within implementing said HTTPS, as web-development is not my forte, let alone something more advanced like security in web-development, but it was definitely a learning experience that I enjoyed and grew from. For the future, I'd like to double down on looking for false positives alongside potential weaknesses. Without this, time and resources could be poured into addressing the wrong threats, leading the company wide open to attacks. To make sure everything still ran smoothly after eac implementation or code refactor, multiple tests and dependency checks were conducted to see if any new vulnerabilities popped up, or if the same problems occured after implementation. This was quite the tedious tasks, especially looking up dependencies in a separate browser, and I do with for the IDE I was using to have a built-in web-browser. That being said, the constant reporting and testing I've done made for a complete and fully functioning product, and that this project has made my reporting and testing skills shine.

